Example case on how to use TrajOpt (#372)
ros-planning/moveit_tutorials: doc/trajopt_planner/trajopt_planner_tutorial.rst

You should also have gone through the steps in `Visualization with MoveIt RViz Plugin <../quickstart_in_rviz/quickstart_in_rviz_tutorial.html>`_

Prerequisites
--------------
To use TrajOpt with your robot you must already have a MoveIt configuration package for your robot. For example, if you have a Panda robot, it's called ``panda_moveit_config``. This is typically configured using the `MoveIt Setup Assistant <../setup_assistant/setup_assistant_tutorial.html>`_.

**Note:** in this tutorial, we use ``panda_moveit_config`` from the `ros-planning/panda_moveit_config <https://github.com/ros-planning/panda_moveit_config>`_ repository which contains the necessary config files for trajopt planner.

Running the Demo
----------------
If you have the ``panda_moveit_config`` from the `ros-planning/panda_moveit_config <https://github.com/ros-planning/panda_moveit_config>`_ repository you should be able to simply run the example: ::

  roslaunch moveit_tutorials trajopt_example_launch.launch

This will run ``demo.launch`` from ``panda_moveit_config`` with passing ``trajopt`` for ``pipeline`` argument as the planner and runs the ``trajopt_example`` node.

How TrajOpt works
-----------------

> Motion planning problem in TrajOpt is defined by a set of cost (COST) and constraints (CNT) functions that are added to ``TrajOptProblem`` through ``ConstructProblem`` function. This function gets the information regarding to the problem (``ProblemInfo``) which carries different types of information explained below:

Reviewer: Don't abbrev cost and constraints

Reviewer 2: I'm actually ok with the abbreviation, since it relates to the specific spelling of an enum in the code.

Author: In trajopt, we have term_type which can have values like TT_CNT and TT_COST. These abbreviations are used a lot in trajopt so I think it is good to keep them here as well to be consistent with the code.

> - **BasicInfo**: This type holds general information of the optimization aglorithm such as *n_steps* (number of steps from start to goal), *convex_solver* (which convex solver is to be used), *use_time* (with false value, it means that the timestep is unit, x1-x0 is the velocity) and *start_fixed* (with true, it means a constraint for the current joint value is added). These parameters are further investigated in the following section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BasicInfo**: This type holds general information of the optimization algorithm. (These parameters are further investigated in the following section):
  * `n_steps`: The number of steps from start to goal
  * `convex_solver`: Which convex solver is to be used 
  * `use_time`: Set to `false` value to use a unitless timestep. x1-x0 is the velocity
  * `start_fixed`: Set to `true` to add a constraint for the current joint value 
```

  - *GIVEN_TRAJ*: the user provides the entire trajectory for ``data`` member.

- **TermInfo**: This is the base struct for all types of COST and CNT functions that are carried by ``cost_infos`` and ``cnt_infos`` members. COST functions are the objectives that are supposed to be minimized and CNT are the ones that must be satisfied. The current implementation containts ``JointPoseTermInfo``, ``JointVelTermInfo`` (hard-coded) and ``CartPoseTermInfo`` (is partially implemented). Member *term_type* dictates the type of the term we are adding; it could be ``TT_COST`` or ``TT_CNT`` which means a cost term or constraint term respectively. Also ``TT_USE_TIME`` can be selected for this member which allows time parameterization. In this case *use_time* of ``BasicInfo`` should be set to ``true`` as well.  The other parameters of these terms which need to be set are loaded from ``trajopt_planning.yaml`` file. The following list describes these parametrs:

  - *coeffs*: weight coefficients for joints

  - *targets*: the values of the joints at the constraint

>   - *upper_tols*: the upper limits for joint values at the constraint.

Reviewer: nit: try to not mix ending with a period and not ending with a period

  - *lower_tols*: the lower limits for joint values at the constraint.

  - *first_step*: the first step that is the term is applied to.

  - *last_step*: the last step that is the term is applied to.

Moreover, the algorithm needs parameters specific to ``BasicTrustRegionSQP`` which are defined in a yaml file under *trajopt_param*.

The following flowchart illustrates how the problem gets constructed:

.. image:: trajopt.png
   :width: 700px

How to use TrajOpt
------------------

> In this section, we describe how to convert the request in MoveIt to TrajOpt constraints. The first important point is that in TrajOpt, we can have the start state to be different than current state. Basically, any joint state that we want the robot pass through is just a constraint that should be added to the objective function. This joint state can be received from start state in MoveIt ``MotionPlanRequest`` or the current state from Planning Scene. The designed architecture for TrajOpt in MoveIt creates *JointPoseTermInfo* for all the constraints in *goal_constraints* and *start_state* of ``MotionPlanRequest``. On the other hand, current state of the robot also can be a constraint to add as a *JointPoseTermInfo* if the user wants the robot to start from the current state. Look at the following figure for a an example with two goal constraints:

Reviewer: Is this actually different from the rest of the MoveIt planners? It is better to focus on just documenting TrajOpt

Reviewer 2: I think it is? At least the `start_fixed` param is pretty different, most planners assume there's a single valid start state.

Author: I think the fact that current state can be different from start state should be emphasized as it might be confusing for the users.

> TrajOpt Planner

Reviewer 2: In trajopt.png, the function was renamed from hatch, should change it there as well.

Author: right, thanks

===============

> TrajOpt is a sequential convex optimization algorithm for motion planning problems where the non-convex, non-affine equality, and non-equality constraints are relaxed, approximately linearized and convexified to create an objective function. This work has been done based on [schulman2013]_ and the `original implementation <https://github.com/ros-industrial-consortium/trajopt_ros>`_. Sequential convex programming, simply refers to using a convex model and repeatedly minimizing it. Consider the following non-convex problem:

Reviewer 2: I know I'm reviewing this PR a bit late, but I don't think this first paragraph is a good intro: a lot of technical jargon thrown out, and a lot of unnecessary details: all the users of the tutorial need to know is that it's an optimization algorithm, and can take costs. IMO, everything before Getting started isn't needed and just confuses the user.

For example, the [CHOMP tutorial](https://ros-planning.github.io/moveit_tutorials/doc/chomp_planner/chomp_planner_tutorial.html) handles this balance between too technical and not enough information well; it highlights the main differences between sampling and optimization planners, but doesn't go into the exact gradient descent equation or algorithm. You've cited the paper itself, which is good enough.

Author: I see. I guess it depends on who the audience are and at what level we want to explain the algorithm. I am open to shrink or even remove this section if it confuses the reader.

TrajOpt Planner

> ===============

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
===============

NOTE: The TrajOpt planner is still an *alpha* feature of MoveIt from a summer 2019 intern project, and needs further hardening. Please contact support@picknik.ai if you are interested in further development. 
```
